YNU-94: update documentation structure (#6)
layer-3/docs: docs/learn/index.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Introduction
description: Learn about state channels, and the Yellow Network ecosystem
keywords: [state channels, blockchain scaling, web3 development]
---

# Introduction

Learn how to build high-performance decentralized applications that combine the speed of traditional web apps with the security and decentralization of blockchain technology.

> ## What is this?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is Yellow SDK?
```

> This is a real-time communication toolkit built on the **NitroliteRPC** protocol. It enables developers to create applications with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Yellow SDK** is a real-time communication toolkit built on the _Nitrolite RPC_ protocol. It enables developers to create applications with:
```
